Add llms.txt generation and :description: attributes to all pages (#612)
konflux-ci/docs: modules/building/pages/prefetching-dependencies.adoc

= Prefetching package manager dependencies for hermetic builds

> :description: Prefetching language dependencies with Hermeto for reproducible hermetic builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Prefetching package manager dependencies with Hermeto for reproducible hermetic builds.
```
